pytest-xdist 3.8.0 CLI help excerpt

Source command:
uvx --from pytest==8.3.5 --with pytest-xdist==3.8.0 pytest --help

distributed and subprocess testing:
  -n, --numprocesses numprocesses
                        Shortcut for '--dist=load --tx=NUM*popen'.
                        With 'logical', attempt to detect logical CPU count
                        (requires psutil, falls back to 'auto').
                        With 'auto', attempt to detect physical CPU count. If
                        physical CPU count cannot be determined, falls back to
                        1.
                        Forced to 0 (disabled) when used with --pdb.
  --maxprocesses=maxprocesses
                        Limit the maximum number of workers to process the tests
                        when using --numprocesses with 'auto' or 'logical'.
  --max-worker-restart=MAXWORKERRESTART
                        Maximum number of workers that can be restarted when
                        crashed (set to zero to disable this feature).
  --dist=distmode       Set mode for distributing tests to exec environments.
                        each: Send each test to all available environments.
                        load: Load balance by sending any pending test to any
                        available environment.
                        loadscope: Load balance by sending tests grouped by
                        module for functions and by class for methods.
                        loadfile: Load balance by sending tests grouped by file.
                        loadgroup: Like 'load', but sends tests marked with
                        'xdist_group' to the same worker.
                        worksteal: Split the suite between available workers,
                        then rebalance when a worker runs out of tests.
                        no: Run tests in-process; do not distribute.
  --tx=xspec            Add a test execution environment.
  -d                    Load-balance tests. Shortcut for '--dist=load'.
